Reviewer 1 of IROS 2015 submission 1823

Comments to the author
======================

The technical content of the paper is currently under
review at IJRR, paper number 2231. This is in violation of
both publication venues. IROS requires original
contributions and IJRR also requires that submitted papers
are not under review elsewhere.

To support this:

Figures 5, 6, 8, and 9 in the submission under review
correspond to figures 14, 19, 24, and 25 in the IJRR
manuscript. The results presented in this IROS submission
are a subset of what is contained in the journal
submission. The IJRR submission is not mentioned or
referenced in the paper. The paper therefore gives the
impression of presenting original research.

For further reading about publication ethics, the authors
are referred to the following web site:
http://publicationethics.org/
IJRR is a participating member of this organization.

The document "Responsible research publication:
international standards for authors", which I have attached
to this review, states: 

"
4 Originality

4.1 Authors should adhere to publication requirements that
submitted work is original and has not been published
elsewhere in any language. Work should not be submitted
concurrently to more than one publication unless the
editors have agreed to co-publication. If articles are
co-published this fact should be made clear to readers.

[...]

4.5 Authors should inform editors if findings have been
published previously or if multiple reports or multiple
analyses of a single data set are under consideration for
publication elsewhere. Authors should provide copies of
related publications or work submitted to other journals.
"

The authors are not adhering to the last two sentences of
this quite.


Comments on the Video Attachment
================================

A video is not relevant for the publication decision.